Improve the documentation (#42)
Azure-Samples/java-ai: README.md

### Quick start

To deploy the AI Shop to Azure, you need only to run the `azd up` command. The [Azure Developer CLI (azd)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/) will create all the necessary resources in Azure and deploy the services to Azure Container Apps. Please login first, then choose a name for the resource group, a subscription and region.

```bash
azd auth login
azd up
```

> After approx 15mins all resources will be deployed. Please call the printed endpoint of the ai-shop-ui of the terminal in a browser. You should see the startpage of **The AI Shop**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After up to 15 minutes all resources will be deployed. Please call the printed endpoint of the ai-shop-ui of the terminal in a browser. You should see the start page of **The AI Shop**:
```

![alt text](startpage.png)

> Please upload a product picture to generate name, brand, model, price, description, categories via OpenAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just upload a product picture to generate name, brand, model, price, description, categories via OpenAI.
```
